- So you're living in--
And I visited you there,
Portia and I and my brother,
and we were lucky enough
to go see you.
But it's a big place.
Now--
- It's a big house.
- First of all, are you used
to living in it by now?
Do you get used to that?
- Yeah, yeah,
you absolutely do.
I mean,
when we first moved in,
it was like drinking
from a fire hydrant, you know?
Just everything coming at you,
trying to--
- Have you tried that before?
How would you know what that is?
What a weird thing to do.
- It's true.
I guess you're right.
Let's just say it's hard.
It's really hard.
It was hard.
- And what will you
look forward to the most
when you're able to live
a somewhat normal life?
- You know, the one thing
people don't realize
is we can't do little things
like open windows.
You know?
I mean, I look forward
to getting in a car
and rolling down the window
and just letting the air
hit my face.
I mean, I haven't been
in a car with the windows open
in about seven years,
if you can imagine that.
- No.
- So I'm gonna spend
that first year
just hanging out
the window.
Just...I'll just...
Ah, the wind, you know?
- People driving by.
"Was that Michelle?"
- Like, "She's hanging out
the window again."
- "Michelle was outside
the sunroof."
- "Get back in!"
- Yeah.
- I just want some wind
in my face.
- Yeah, I don't--
- Small things.
- You don't think about that.
- Yeah, we can't open windows.
I mean, the windows
in our house don't open.
- But on "Scandal" they go
on the balcony all the time.
You know?
- There is the balcony, yeah.
That's real.
- So you can go on the balcony.
- We do,
and go on the balcony,
but that's really the only door
we can open to the outside.
- Oh.
That's a bummer.
- It's--
- Yeah.
- It's interesting.
- Yeah, it really is.